h1. About KenseiCMS

No databases.
No hassles.
No shit.
That's genius!
No. That's Kensei.

h2. History

Kensei is a file-based content management system written in PHP using the Zend framework. It was extracted by isieo and kaliwanagan from their work in Indigo, used by "Mindvalley LC,":http://www.mindvalley.com an Internet Marketing company specializing in the personal development genre.

h2. Features

* No database: Kensei does not need a database to run; it only needs a web server and PHP. Without any extra database server to maintain, deployment is quick and hassle-free. A deployment at its simplest can consist of simply copying over the entire program tree.
* Model-View-Controller architecture: Kensei was designed to be easily maintanable, and this attribute was very influential in how Kensei was structured. A web page's layout resides in partials that content writers need not worry about.
* Extensibility: Additional functionality can easily be added by content writers in the form of tags (which are able to use their own partials as well). For example, a video player that gracefully degrades from HTML5 to Flash to a static image can easily be embedded in a page just by inserting the media_player tag.

h2. License

This file is part of Kensei.

Kensei is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the Affero GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

Kensei is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
Affero GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the Affero GNU General Public License
along with Kensei.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
